[DEEP BASS]
[MUFFLED CROWD CHEERS]
[RUMBLING BASS]
[ANNOUNCER]: Tonight concludes
the intergalactic search
for B-B-B-Bennie's backing band!
Our final weird and wonderful
contestants are...
Rocket.
Comet.
Gynoid.
Galaxy.
Martian.
Star.
Luna, and...
Jet!
[♪♪♪]
- [CROWD APPLAUDS]
And now...
presenting...
the legendary...
[CROWD ROARS]
...Bennie.
♪ Hey, kids,
shake it loose together ♪
♪ The spotlight's
hitting something ♪
♪ That's been known
to change the weather ♪
♪ We'll kill the fatted calf
tonight so stick around ♪
♪ You're gonna hear
electric music ♪
♪ Solid walls of sound ♪
♪ Say, Candy and Ronnie,
have you seen them yet? ♪
♪ Ooh,
but they're so spaced out ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets ♪
♪ Oh, they're weird
and they're wonderful ♪
♪ Oh, Bennie,
she's really keen ♪
♪ She's got electric boots,
a mohair suit ♪
♪ You know I read it
in a magazine, oh ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets ♪
[♪♪♪]
[CROWD APPLAUDS]
♪ Hey, kids,
plug into the faithless ♪
♪ Maybe they're blinded ♪
♪ But Bennie makes
them ageless ♪
♪ We shall survive,
let us take ourselves along ♪
♪ Where we fight our parents
out in the streets ♪
♪ To find who's right
and who's wrong ♪
♪ Oh, Candy and Ronnie,
have you seen them yet? ♪
♪ Oh,
but they're so spaced out ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets ♪
♪ Oh, they're weird
and they're wonderful ♪
♪ Oh, Bennie,
she's really keen ♪
♪ She's got electric boots,
a mohair suit ♪
♪ You know I read it
in a magazine, oh ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets ♪
[♪♪♪]
[CROWD CHEERS]
[CROWD WHISTLES]
♪ Oh, Candy and Ronnie,
have you seen them yet? ♪
♪ Oh,
but they're so spaced out ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie
and the Jets ♪
♪ Oh, but they're weird
and they're wonderful ♪
♪ Oh, Bennie,
she's really keen ♪
♪ She's got electric boots,
a mohair suit ♪
♪ You know I read it
in a magazine ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets ♪
♪ Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie and the Jets ♪
[HOLLOW WHISTLING]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie and the Jets ♪
[CROWD CHEERS AND WHISTLES]
[CROWD APPLAUDS]
[APPLAUSE INTENSIFIES]
[RHYTHMIC CLAPPING]
♪ Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie and the Jets ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie, Bennie, Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie and the Jets ♪
♪ The Jets ♪
♪ Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie, Bennie ♪
♪ Bennie, Bennie, Bennie,
Bennie, Bennie, Bennie... ♪
[CROWD CHEERS]
[LOW RUMBLING]
[MUSIC FADES OUT]